decade of painstaking underwater search
the wreck of a Soviet World War 2
submarine has been found in the Baltic
Sea the vessel went down with his 50-man
crew in 1940 after being sunk by a mine
laid by Finland as a girl rajath reports
the relatives of those who died say it's
a matter of honour to establish what
really happened all those years ago the
legendary lost submarine discovered a
blast for 70 years it was a mystery how
where and even when the s2 perished
during the war between the Soviet Union
and Finland the sea around all and
islands became a focal point for the
naval conflict much earth underwater in
january nineteen forty a soviet
submarine with a 50-strong crew armed to
the teeth was passing here one at met at
sudden end the st was sent by the soviet
high command to rome and disrupt finland
supply lines it's at sale in January
first 1940 nigahiga Floyd cook she just
surviving on a submarine like this was
very difficult there was no air
purification system the heat was
stifling besides the commanders had
little information about this area three
days later just as the st was entering
the conflict zone all communication was
lost a lighthouse officer described
seeing the submarine surface then
hearing a shattering explosion that
offers his grandson professional diver
involved Eckerman dedicated ten years to
finding it out there is the Russian
submarine young what does devotedly to
spend on my father told me the story of
the submarine since I was a child but
there were no specific coordinates we
searched everywhere the moment we found
it it was amazing but not everyone
believes the st was lost without a fight
alexander fetish keen was only a toddler
when his father the most senior officer
on the s2 died to honor him he became a
mavey man himself scottish a mystery
good i turned 73 soon i have only one
dream left that is to visit the place of
my father's death
to find out how he really died he claims
the s2 was engaged in action battling
bravely before sustaining serious damage
leaking oil with a failing radio system
it tried to communicate with another
Soviet ship but could not make itself
Claire knowing they were doomed the crew
tried to return home before being bombed
by Swedish boats which are helping
Finland Fishkin claims of Sweden's war
neutrality meant the incident was hushed
up it doesn't daddy onion beretta right
I plan to send this medallion down to
the bottom it will contain photographs
and a message to my father now the st's
final resting place has been found
experts may applause discover how it
sank but the nesters declared an
official war grave underwater treasure
hunters may get there first Igor got
nerve artsy the island islands